will roll the ball that double round night of the cup of Brazil with that one
sportv after vasco and sousa da paraíba well palm trees and flemish
piauí
Rolling ball begins the game
Let's know who is going to advance to the second phase of the Copa do Brasil.
and who pass here this meeting
will get national- amazon
the wing of arapiraca of alagoas on top of the crazy from afar sent that stood out
in the first game he scored the goal in sousa
there crossing the ball in the large area
art
at the
oscar
Look, only I can do.
the moratorium of the defense of the Basque fernando prass spread I already do here a fact
within the area or
the holder healed another way the cruise re-marked
the senator ansa
I think the subject
he saw fatima rebalanced
in the world, right?
group head the other throw and only head dangers now
the stern of the boat made up goal by beating the other five on the Basque team in the past
in the b / p series although in the area direct ball to the goal covered the goalkeeper
Ricardo on slapping the bill
the Basque team lost the ball traveling because the goalie ricardo board
I woke up for teams in a neighborhood that you accompany here in the middle of
filipe coutinho is the hope of the Basque fan touched the river camilo
neutralized
in the whole state and Julinho the ball but the team of the Basque Souza can
Risky goalkeeper with a
loss of sovereignty
Let's try to fit into the arena.
against the sport the team but before the classic
and suzano plays a good role playing the ball and creating plays through the
side of the field take your cargo stolen from the ball comes the Basque team is the own
producer the 'scorer of the beautiful goals' dominate
The goalkeeper, Ricardo, was just watching the ball pass and cheering.
and out
but the Basque has this technical quality differential of its players is
undoubtedly superior then
on a fault of the sun
the left-back dodô philippe coutinho the game
loss of quality really questioned what refuses to do the child
and I mateus solano said he was a shout damn philippe coutinho sent
on the first try she comes back for him took israel back pro philippe coutinho
again crossing and the tower
already ricardo
This ball would arrive.
the protective measure of martineli
81 kilometer
- other defender rain covered as in a call of Corinthian
I'm going to hit it so everything can go 9
try people
one people paid to see amazon black river and young people on acre one to zero
on July 27, 99 kick for the goal
defended the fernando prass line
It's the church.
already appeared in the ivete attack that I was the chance and hence the Basque kicked in the corner
of the job that in rondônia a message
spread out and sent it out
But once they play tomorrow.
but the shooting rodrigo pimpão
forty minutes later
all time
imagined
I have inside the area Ricardo theodosius
the last cut of the harbor defense
This is the biggest public for Brazil.
Elder granja already crossing in the area I am proof for exchange with the team at
classic almost helton managed to do his role of the daughter to mark
Sousa's defense did not
ended the law and elton dominated with difficulty sent a goal
between the defenders alison the ball hit there
of his chick's beak played very weak the bottoms hit his goal what was
get out of here without being defeated vasco did not present a good football
bus game the result of the game and the bike
the Basque classified for the second phase of the Copa do Brasil, the Basque
ground in the paraiba to 0